[docs] Update API Gateway tech note (#7261)
apollographql/router: docs/source/routing/router-api-gateway-comparison.mdx

---
title: Does GraphOS Router Replace My API Gateway?
subtitle: How the GraphOS Router differs from API gateways

> description: The GraphOS Router is not based on service mapping, its a solution to handle your API orchestration for all your different clients operation's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The GraphOS Router is not based on service mapping, it's a solution to handle your API orchestration for all your different clients operations.
```
